[//]: # (Writing my resume for Software Development Engineer 2 - Game Development roles)
[//]: # (I am a computer graphic/3d programmer in game industry with 1.5+ years of experience in AAA industry. Professionally have worked on mostly on map related features of an unannounced project involving mesh processing, post processing shader etc. I am looking for a role where I can leverage my experience to help an organization achieve its goals. Coming from a highly-technical background, I have a strong interest in technology and am looking to transition into a more high stakes role.)
[//]: # (Let's rewrite things in comments to be more suited for IT Industry.)

**ABC XYZ** # NAME

**Professional Summary:**
As a passionate and dedicated C++ Graphics Programmer, I excel in delivering high-quality, outcome-oriented solutions by focusing on the process and maintaining a positive attitude. My strong problem-solving and superb debugging skills, coupled with patience and adaptability, enable me to tackle complex challenges. Committed to writing clean and maintainable code. I take responsibility for my work and continuously strive for self-improvement.

**Education:**
- Bachelor of Technology in Computer Science and Engineering - Jaypee Institute of Information Technology, NOIDA, India

**Languages:**
- English (Fluent)
- Hindi (Native)

**Contact:**
- Phone: XXXXXXXXXX
- Email: abc.xyz@gmail.com
- LinkedIn: linkedin.com/in/abcxyz
- Website: abcxyz.github.io
- GitHub: github.com/abcxyz

**Technology Stack:**
- C++23, CMake, x86_64 Assembly, Python, Bash, PowerShell, C#-Scripting, Golang
- Vulkan, OpenGL, DirectX, git, vcpkg

**Tools and Software:**
- Unity, Unreal Engine, Blender

**Skills:**
- Rendering/Graphics Pipeline
- CPU, GPU Architecture
- Engine Architecture and Optimizations
- Acceleration Data Structures
- 3D & Vector Mathematics
- GPGPU Programming
- Procedural Generation
- Ray-Tracing Concepts
- Image processing
- Network Programming
- Android C++ Native
- Cross Platform Development
- Automation Pipelines
- Prompt Engineering

**Professional Experience:**
0. Viga Entertainment Studio
  - Graphics Engineer (Remote) (Feb 2023 - May 2023, 4 mos)
    Conversion of video with depth data to 3D mesh/point-cloud for "volumetric streaming" between individuals using ZED cameras (to be deployed in ScanStage).
  - Graphics Engineer (Remote) (June 2022 - Aug 2022, 2+ mos)
    Documenting products, their maintainence, improving/speeding-up sections of various programs i’ve previously worked upon inside ScanStage such as Face Capture etc.
  - Graphics Engineer Intern (Oct 2021 - Apr 2022, 7 mos)
    i. Mesh refinement: Optimizing No. of vertices in captured mesh then adding lost details using mean curvature. Multi-threading, real-time editable and disk caching.
    ii. Camera calibration Intrinsic-Extrinsic parameter estimation of cameras for face reconstruction with AprilTags.(Python)
    iii. Deploying scalable build systems CI/CD Ready, single step, cross platform build process with CMake, VcPkg, QT-5,6 support including a custom file-patcher for libraries and automatic dependenciesresolution from servers.
    iv. Project architecting Planned architecture for "Scan Stage" and was praised for the same
    v. Wand calibration for Motion capturing on synthetic dataset.
<!-- All issues resolved in UBISOFT INDIA STUDIOS
1. Generate the living map background texture by rendering terrain for the first iteration: The background texture gets rendered with the top view of the terrain and can be seen in the GPU capture
2. Research and document the OVR code for living map
  - Analyse and understand the Map feature in OVR for Map background texture generation.
  - Prepare a plan for porting the code from OVR to crest.
  - Documenting all the finding of research on Confluence.
4. Reporting shader operators not yet supported by micropoly.
5. Reporting shader operators not yet supported by micropoly for FTR_Micropolygon_UV2_VtxColor(0x1F84A186131)Custom operator fragment FX_Description_Vector has no MPHType inputs or outputs, high chance 
6. As a programmer, I want to implement the camera panning for the map core BG so that we can plug-in dynamic texture in the phoenix scene
7. Render terrain texture from Top view: Implement/modify the producer to generate the terrain texture from the top view
8. Use stylized terrain shader for Map BG: Use the stylized data shader to have our terrrain according to the art direction
8. Implement Render Producer for BG of Map Core: Implement a render producer to generate the background texture by copying the existing texture map from data
. Phoenix Scene should use the map core BG: Edit the phoenix scene to use the background texture generated by the render producer
. Edit the phoenix scene to use the background texture generated by the render producer
. As a programmer, I want to render road/rail routes on the BG texture so that the map reflects the real time data
. Profile Performance & Memory when Terrain rendered at runtime from a highest altitude to have the complete terrain in view for the Zoom Level 1 in the map.
  - Information around the current memory and pass duration that is there for terrain generation to be documented in JIRA
  - Same information as above with the highest altitude to be assessed and the same to be captured and documented 
. Setup the Terrain producer for the three zoom levels required.
  - User should be able to zoome into all the 4 different levels as mentioned in the design
  - Producer should be able to render the terrain as expected
.  Research Red Map tech: Get info related to Region painting and Zoom levels
.  Remove the Map background layer to have the terrain rendering in the background
. Modify the Camera graph nodes to have zoom levels as per Crest Design: We should be able to zoom in and out the map using key inputs
. Utilize the Stylized shader for terrain in map mode
. Complete understanding of the terrain shader with plan for Region, Rising Presssure and Rail Road Painting on the Map background
. Investigate and finalize plan for Rail Roads for Living Map: Class architecture design for Rail roads, as well as plan for Shader modifications
. I want to generate a dynamic mesh using control points defining a curve So that it can be used to draw the routes
. Investigate Dynamic Mesh rendering in Anvil: We have understanding for dynamic mesh, it is documented on confluence
. Investigate and finalize plan for Rail Roads for Living Map: Class architecture design for Rail roads, as well as plan for Shader modifications
. I want to Render the generated curve with a material So that we can draw the routes
. I want to create more than one curve using texture as an input so that we can render roads and rails individually
. I want to render rail and road entities on the Map BG using visual curve component so that we can highlight road sections in the game: We want to deliver the completed feature so we want to create entities, placeholder materials and deliver it inside engine mode
. I want to restructure the Visual Shape Components so that we have better control over the Shape entity.: Acceptance Criteria:The Visual Curve component is broken down in to separate components for curves and shapes.Change list is tested and submitted in the depot.
. I want to add support for submesh in Visual Curve Component, so that we can apply different material properties on the same.: The Visual Curve component now has separate sub mesh for each section of the road, rail or sector.Controls are exposed to modify various shader variables  of each sub mesh in order to achieve the required design.
. I want the rendered background of the Map-Core on a phoenix texture so that we various animations can be applied to the same. We need to provide the rendered background of the Living map as a BGImage inside Phoenix so that it can be used to apply animations and transformation.
  - BG Image is Captured and attached to a texture inside the phoenix scene.
  - Three textures of previous, next and current are available inside Phoenix
. I want to Fix the Issue of non-batching draw's for submesh of Roads and Sectors so that we ensure the curves are optimized. Currently the Draws for each sub-mesh are not batched and need to fixed to have optimized frames in the game.
  - Each Submesh should be batched correctly with materials and ensuring our Submesh Highlighting feature is not broken
. I want to investigate and finalize design for building representation on Living Map so that we can draw silhouettes of the facilities to be targeted in game. We need to experiment and finalize a tech for drawing the Facility Silhouettes on the Living Map: We have investigated the tech implementation and have tech design to achieve the feature.
. I want to set up a producer to render building silhouette from atlas so that we have first prototype of silhouette rendered. We have a tech design, now we want to set up a producer to draw dummy silhouette on Map BG: A producer is created, and we can render dummy building silhouettes from atlas. 
. I want to create an initial material for Building Stylization so that building silhouette matches the art direction: Material is created in line with the art direction.
. I want to refactor the Map-Core package so that the tech debt is addressed, We want to refactor some of the classes as well as the placement of the classes in the gameplay or graphics project.
. I want to stylize the buildings on the Atlas so that they are inline with the Art direction, we have the buildings atlas generated and rendered on the MapBG, Now we want t stylize it correctly according to the Art Direction: A material is created to stylize the Building on the MapBG.
. I want to have the complete building rendering file finalized and submitted in the depot so that the art team has the tool to populate buildings on Map BG, We have implemented and demonstarted the complete pipe for building rendering on MapBG now we want to have finesse in the complete tool
  - We are able to render only the selected notes on MapBG.
  - We are able to update and submit the same texture atlas when the command is executed.
  - The snapshot is taken from the top and at the same level as the zoom level one.
. I want to get the MapBG Buildings rendering pipe working inside the game, So that the MapBG is enriched with the information. We have submitted the initial implementation for the buildings rendering. but we want t work on tech to ensure it is in accordance with the art direction and design: The feature is finalized and have no issues reported from the stakeholders.
. I want to fix the issue of incorrect polygon creation for concave array of points, so that the polygon is correctly created on the MapBG, We have polygon creation and rendering working on the mapBG, but we have noticed an issue with the Convex shapes. We need to get the issue fixed: The Polygon creation issue is resolved and submitted in the depot
. I want to investigate and finalize tech design for Water and Vegetation drawing on the Living Map so that we can draw them as specified by the art direction on the silhouettes in game, We have to finalize the tech for vegetation rendering on the MapBG, Hence the Spike: The art direction is clear and we have a plan to achieve the same.
. I want to Fix the issues in the Building Silhouettes, so that the silhouettes have good fidelity, The Building Sillhouttes are working locally, but we need to submit the same in the depot and work on fidelity of the sillhouttes, usability of the feature from artist perspective.
  - Implementation is submitted in the depot.
  - The features configurability is improved and artist friendly.
  - The building silhouettes have good fidelity on the Map BG
  - Various building silhouettes are added to the Map-BG and adhere to the art-direction.
. I want to fix the issue of incorrect polygon creation for concave array of points, so that the polygon is correctly created on the MapBG.
. Rising pressure overlay does not fill the sector: When rising pressure begins the overlay on the map to show effected sectors does not fully fill the sectors
. I'd like to Provide support and resolve techdebts in the overall MapCore tech so that the feature can be finalized
  - Handling bugs and issues related to building silhouettes and vegetation etc.
  - Building silhouettes and vegetation should be placed on the map in the final build.
  - Major Bugs and issues related to building silhouettes and vegetation should be resolved.
. I'd like provide have the building rendering validated as per Art Direction So that we have final output in the MapBG. Building silhouette is summitted and working in the building, We now want to polish the rendering as per the Art Direction: They are properly placed and stylized as per art direction.
. Roads are missing at max zoom level on the map on PS5. When viewing the map in latest Ps5 builds, increasing to max zoom level will casue the roads to disappear
. Need to have a robust logic to query the loading status of the entities in the Atlas: Loadings of entities should be handled properly and not depends on the FrameWait variable.
. I want to fix the creation of the cached polygon so that it can correctly displayed in the engine mode. Make cached submesh data engine mode only. and ensure the polygons are cached during forge creation
  - Ensure caching happens at forge creation with polygon creation.
  - Ensure the implementation is done and submitted in the game.
. Buildings need to have default material defined: Building should be rendered with a default material for intial submit, which can later be tweaked by daniel according to the art direction.
. Buildings after hovering becoming look faded out: check with daniel and Art director what should happen in such a situation to tweak the material accordingly.
. Tag Rail Depot Buildings so they appear on living map
  - We have various building getting rendered on MapBG, we as well need rail depot to be shown in MapBG.
  - We as well want to fix polish issue on MapBG according to screenshot attach with the task.
  - Buildings are shown in depot and polish issues are tackled.
. Buildings boundaries should not have white line and should resemble the Target Art Direction.
. Boundaries of the sectors are alternatively black and green: Boundaries of the sectors are alternatively black and greenish yellow. This should be fixed to resemble the Target Art Direction.
. Merging of the roads should work fine
. Support for Vegetation Data Provider for MapBackground, Refer [CREST-29894|https://ne1-tomcat-jira153-dc.ubisoft.org/jira/browse/CREST-29894]: Getting/Using associated entity ptr instead of world pointer in GetShapeMeshData
. Quitting while Map is open shows the entire world
. Edges are not matching the sector areas
. No entities capured when running EntityAtlasGenerator's RegenerateAllAtlases
. Clean-Up Serialization Code from VisualShapeCollectionComponent
. Research for Complete UI rendering and Present it in the knowledge sharing session. Research on how the rendering works for complete UI. Ex. FOG, Trails-Networks, Sectors, Highlights, Alerts etc. Present the findings in the knowledge sharing
  - Research document should be created and shared with the team.
  - Presentation should be done in the knowledge sharing session.
. Currently we render the MapBG at 1080p Resolution, ensure it matches the UI resolution and we have no TextureInfo Loss due to upscaling. Currently the map Background is not scalable *Need more info*: UI Becomes scalable with multiple aspect-ratios/resolutions.
. Refactor outline shader for building silhouttes and related files
. White Dots in outline of building silhouttes: White Dots in outline of building silhouttes
. Support for Forests in MapBackground: Research and figure out the reason of overlapping of boundaries and sector areas in higher state that leads to sector boundary turning greenish and provide a fix for the same.
. Forests in MapBG
. Removing the anti aliasing from MapBG, Currently MapBG looks smudged when player moves cursor which makes it looks blurry.
  - Smudging to be prevented.
  - Devtested and shelved
. I'd like to Provide support and resolve techdebts in the overall MapCore tech so that the feature can be finalized: Provide support and fixed feedback issues on MapBG for LivingMap.
. Update render order of MapBG entities to match Art direction.
. UVs on mesh curves on MapBG (VisualCurveCollectionComponent) are skewed: This a limitation of current system, it uses length of the curve to determine UVs of the curve which results in them becoming skewed on turns.
. I want to profile and resolve the spike in the FPS while opening the map, So that the Map transition is polished, We have observed a FPS spike while opening the Map, It needs to be profiled and fixed: The FPS spike is resolved in the game.
. I want to Research for a solution for Water and out of bounds in order to get them automated, so that we have a clear plan for the same.
. I want to automate water on LivingMap BG, so that we have no blur on the water on the map BG, Automate the water creation on the Living Map BG with a better material as well as the generation should be automated
  - Water is automated and generate as the forest or any other element on the Map BG.
  - The material used for water should respect the Art direction.
. FPS drops below 10 when player is inside the map on all the executables, After following the steps mentioned it is observed that When the player enters the map, the frame rate falls below 10
  - This issue occurs only when player is in the world
  - This issue is occurring on all the executables 
. Circular target screen flashes before map opens: When opening the living map from the hideout a blue screen with white circles will flash on screen before the map opens. 
. Living Map flickers while zooming out when it is accessed from hideout & In-game: After following the above-mentioned steps, it is observed that the living map flickers while zooming out when it is accessed in hideout/In-game.
. Provide the method for rendering Primary and Secondary Roads separately
. Add Placeholder name and Jump camera to location command for the point of interest data: Kenni Hornstrup told me that he was having a hard-time locating where the corresponding entities will go for thumbnails of point of interests. So I'm adding a string label (to act as placeholder) and a Class Command that will jump the camera top-down to that location.
. Added an assert to better suggest the error resolution: Added an assert to fail when mesh triangulation fails (done on world loading). This will better represent than previous OOB error.
. Getting wasted frame-times back in map-mode crest: When Dropping in and in map mode hovering over steelworks, dosen't result in FPS drop. (aka constant frametimes all over map)
. Dead enemy bodies go missing when users zoom in on them using binoculars. When zooming in on dead enemies using the binoculars, their bodies will disappear at certain zoom levels/distances. This seems to occur more when looking at the head/upper torso area: Users must use the binoculars quite close to the body, for issue to occur. Issue does not occur when zooming in from a distance.
. I want to research and experiment with data layers so thatwe can control loading and unloading of entities for atlas generation.
  - Experimentation with data layers is done.
  - Tech design is ready for atlas generation.
. Region lines / boundaries distorted on map - PS5 / PC: In latest builds the region bounderis on the living map are distored and will draw lines across the screen
. Rendering order and disable temporalAA on Map Background Elements: Matching the placement/render-order of map elements acc to art direction and disable TemporalAA on them
. Map icons are offset from the map when player moves the cursor: In latest builds when the player moves the cursor around the map, the icons will then become offset from their inteded location and move a limited amount, when the cursor stops moving the icon will return to its inteded location 
. Tech FSO - Map: We would like to get a Tech FSO outline for Map – more documentation than FSO perhaps according to the new Template
-->

1. Ubisoft India Studios - On-Site 3D Programmer Jun'23 - present
  - Worked on AP Monorepo (of which AC Shadows and all the newer Anvil/Scimitar games) are part of, understanding and documenting various parts of it etc.
  - Worked on map related features of an unannounced project involving mesh processing, post processing shader etc., optimizing the 2D pipeline for  art style of the "Living Map" feature including faster iteration times, terrain rendering, road/rail routes, building silhouettes, vegetation, water, and out of bounds areas etc designing completely different system to handle all that, camera, render passes etc and to automate their generation for artists. Also Optimized multiple aspects of rendering reducing wasted frame-times.
  - Currently deployed on Skull and Bones as part of quality pod maintaining graphics systems of the game.

**Career Aspirations:**

**Personal Projects:**
- SETU Game Engine (major project): Cross platform (windows, Linux, Android), Cross API (OpenGL 4, GLES 3, DirectX 12), Modular. (C++, GLFW, Android Native, CMake)
- RayTracing-Tests (GPGPU-Accelerated) & OpenGL-TestSite: Framework for rapid prototyping of OpenGL, most notably used for GPU compute implementation of all 3 Peter Sherley's raytracing books.
- Particle Swarm Optimization algorithm Visualizer: GUI, MSDF font rendering from scratch using Vulkan and C++.
- Scene perception for visually impaired and Live depression detection on Tweets (minor projects): Both Python based Computer Vision + AI/ML projects.
- Bank Management System: Wrote the GUI (with 3D background) from scratch using OpenGL.
- NotPing-OnlyPong: Pong game with raw rasterization graphics, GUI, VFX, SFX, music from scratch using only Win32 and C++.
- Courses: Game Engines(Hazel, Kohi); Procedural terrain Generation in Unity; C# Unity Developer 2D, 3D; Games with go.

**Volenteering:**
- NSS volunteer - Oct 2019-20 JIIT NOIDA, India: Helped out at NGOs, campaigns in interest of environment, blood donation, food distribution etc.

**Award:**
- Won μCR, Microcontroller based System & Robotics Hub event Eximietas, 2019
